[EDU-6144] refactor: add note about s3 permissions for endpoint - Data Stream (#1513)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/main-menu/reference/observe/data-stream/data-stream.mdx

### S3 - Simple Storage Service

:::note

> The S3 credentials used with the endpoint must include the `s3:ListBucket` permission (to list and view objects within a bucket) and the `s3:PutObject` permission (to add or overwrite objects within a bucket), ensuring the necessary access for reading and writing operations in the information storage, including logs. Find out more about [S3 credentials](/en/documentation/products/store/storage/s3-protocol-for-edge-storage/).

Author: ```suggestion
The S3 credentials used with the endpoint must include the `List Bucket` permission (to list and view objects within a bucket) and the `Put Object` permission (to add or overwrite objects within a bucket), ensuring the necessary access for reading and writing operations in the information storage, including logs. Find out more about [S3 credentials](/en/documentation/products/store/storage/s3-protocol-for-edge-storage/).
```
